GOOD EVENING, I’M CHRIS MATTHEWS
GOOD EVENING, I’M CHRIS MATTHEWS IN LOS ANGELES.
IN LOS ANGELES. THE BIG NEWS TODAY IS MICHAEL
THE BIG NEWS TODAY IS MICHAEL COHEN HAS NEW EVIDENCE AGAINST
COHEN HAS NEW EVIDENCE AGAINST THE PRESIDENT.
THE PRESIDENT. IN A FOLLOWUP TO HIS EXPLOSIVE
IN A FOLLOWUP TO HIS EXPLOSIVE TESTIMONY LAST WEEK, COHEN TODAY
TESTIMONY LAST WEEK, COHEN TODAY APPEARED BEFORE THE HOUSE
APPEARED BEFORE THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE IN AN
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE IN AN ALL-DAY BACK ROOM HEARING.
ALL-DAY BACK ROOM HEARING. HERE’S COHEN --
HERE’S COHEN -- >> HEARINGS WENT VERY, VERY
>> HEARINGS WENT VERY, VERY WELL.
WELL. I BELIEVE THAT ALL OF THE
I BELIEVE THAT ALL OF THE MEMBERS WERE SATISFIED WITH THE
MEMBERS WERE SATISFIED WITH THE STATEMENTS AND THE RESPONSES
STATEMENTS AND THE RESPONSES THAT I GAVE TO THEM.
THAT I GAVE TO THEM. I TOLD THEM THAT ANY ADDITIONAL
I TOLD THEM THAT ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION THAT THEY WANT THEY
INFORMATION THAT THEY WANT THEY SHOULD FEEL COMFORTABLE TO REACH
SHOULD FEEL COMFORTABLE TO REACH OUT TO MY COUNSEL, AND I WOULD
OUT TO MY COUNSEL, AND I WOULD CONTINUE TO COOPERATE TO THE
CONTINUE TO COOPERATE TO THE FULLEST EXCEPT OF MY
FULLEST EXCEPT OF MY CAPABILITIES.
CAPABILITIES. >> WELL, TODAY’S HEARING WAS
>> WELL, TODAY’S HEARING WAS BEHIND CLOSED DOORS, MULTIPLE
BEHIND CLOSED DOORS, MULTIPLE REPORTS INDICATED COHEN SHOWED
REPORTS INDICATED COHEN SHOWED UP TODAY WITH NEW EVIDENCE TO
UP TODAY WITH NEW EVIDENCE TO BACK HIS ALLEGATION THAT THE
BACK HIS ALLEGATION THAT THE PRESIDENT’S OWN LAWYERS EDITED
PRESIDENT’S OWN LAWYERS EDITED HIS FALSE STATEMENTS TO CONGRESS
HIS FALSE STATEMENTS TO CONGRESS IN 2017.
IN 2017. COHEN PLEADED ABOUT THE TO
COHEN PLEADED ABOUT THE TO MAKING THAT FALSE STATEMENT TO
MAKING THAT FALSE STATEMENT TO COVER UP THE TIMING OF THE
COVER UP THE TIMING OF THE PRESIDENT’S EFFORTS TO BUILD
PRESIDENT’S EFFORTS TO BUILD TRUMP TOWER IN MOSCOW.
TRUMP TOWER IN MOSCOW. HERE’S COHEN LAST WEEK SAYING
HERE’S COHEN LAST WEEK SAYING TRUMP’S LAWYERS CHANGED THAT KEY
TRUMP’S LAWYERS CHANGED THAT KEY PART OF HIS FALSE TESTIMONY.
PART OF HIS FALSE TESTIMONY. >> WHICH SPECIFIC LAWYERS WE
>> WHICH SPECIFIC LAWYERS WE VIEWED AND EDITED YOUR STATEMENT
VIEWED AND EDITED YOUR STATEMENT TO CONGRESS ON THE MOSCOW TOWER
TO CONGRESS ON THE MOSCOW TOWER NEGOTIATIONS, AND DID THEY MAKE
NEGOTIATIONS, AND DID THEY MAKE ANY CHANGES TO YOUR STATEMENT?
ANY CHANGES TO YOUR STATEMENT? >> THERE WERE CHANGES MADE,
>> THERE WERE CHANGES MADE, ADDITIONS.
ADDITIONS. JAY SEKULOW FOR ONE.
JAY SEKULOW FOR ONE. >> WERE THERE CHANGES ABOUT THE
>> WERE THERE CHANGES ABOUT THE TIMING?
TIMING? >> SEVERAL CHANGES INCLUDING HOW
>> SEVERAL CHANGES INCLUDING HOW WERE THEY GOING TO HANDLE THAT
WERE THEY GOING TO HANDLE THAT MESSAGE, AND THE MESSAGE, OB,
MESSAGE, AND THE MESSAGE, OB, BEING THE LENGTH OF TIME THE
BEING THE LENGTH OF TIME THE TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW PROJECT
TRUMP TOWER MOSCOW PROJECT STAYED ALIVE.
STAYED ALIVE. >> TRUMP ATTORNEY JAY SEKULOW
>> TRUMP ATTORNEY JAY SEKULOW DENIED THE PRESS’S LEGAL TEAM
DENIED THE PRESS’S LEGAL TEAM MADE THOSE EDITS.
MADE THOSE EDITS. HOWEVER, NBC NEWS IS NOW
HOWEVER, NBC NEWS IS NOW REPORTING COHEN TODAY BACKED UP
REPORTING COHEN TODAY BACKED UP HIS ALLEGATION WITH NEW
HIS ALLEGATION WITH NEW DOCUMENTS THAT SHOW EDITS TO THE
DOCUMENTS THAT SHOW EDITS TO THE FALSE WRITTEN STATEMENTS HE MADE
FALSE WRITTEN STATEMENTS HE MADE TO CONGRESS.
TO CONGRESS. NOT ONLY THAT BUT "THE NEW YORK
NOT ONLY THAT BUT "THE NEW YORK TIMES" HAS NOW ACQUIRED EIGHT OF
TIMES" HAS NOW ACQUIRED EIGHT OF THE 11 CHECKS THE PRESIDENT USED
THE 11 CHECKS THE PRESIDENT USED TO REIMBURSE COHEN FOR HIS
TO REIMBURSE COHEN FOR HIS ILLEGAL HUSH PAYMENTS TO STORMY
ILLEGAL HUSH PAYMENTS TO STORMY DANIELS.
DANIELS. THERE THEY ARE.
THERE THEY ARE. IN OTHER WORDS, COHEN LEFT A
IN OTHER WORDS, COHEN LEFT A PAPER TRAIL THAT COULD BE A
PAPER TRAIL THAT COULD BE A TREASURE TROVE TO INVESTIGATORS.
TREASURE TROVE TO INVESTIGATORS. THIS COMES AS A NEW QUINNIPIAC
THIS COMES AS A NEW QUINNIPIAC POLL SHOWS THAT 64% OF
POLL SHOWS THAT 64% OF AMERICANS, ALMOST TWO-THIRDS,
AMERICANS, ALMOST TWO-THIRDS, SAID THEY BELIEVE THE PRESIDENT
SAID THEY BELIEVE THE PRESIDENT COMMITTED CRIMES BEFORE HE
COMMITTED CRIMES BEFORE HE BECAME PRESIDENT.
BECAME PRESIDENT. THE SAME POLL SHOWS THAT
THE SAME POLL SHOWS THAT AMERICANS VIEW MICHAEL COHEN,
AMERICANS VIEW MICHAEL COHEN, WHO PLEADED GUILTY TO LYING, AS
WHO PLEADED GUILTY TO LYING, AS BEING MORE HONEST THAN PRESIDENT
BEING MORE HONEST THAN PRESIDENT TRUMP.
TRUMP. CATCH THESE NUMBERS, 50% OF
CATCH THESE NUMBERS, 50% OF AMERICANS SAY THEY BELIEVE COHEN
AMERICANS SAY THEY BELIEVE COHEN MORE THAN HIS FORMER BOSS, WHILE
MORE THAN HIS FORMER BOSS, WHILE 35% SAID THEY BELIEVE THE
35% SAID THEY BELIEVE THE PRESIDENT OVER COHEN.
PRESIDENT OVER COHEN. THAT’S A BAD NUMBER FOR THE
THAT’S A BAD NUMBER FOR THE PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. JOINING ME IS DEMOCRATIC
JOINING ME IS DEMOCRATIC CONGRESSWOMAN JACKIE SPEIER WHO
CONGRESSWOMAN JACKIE SPEIER WHO WAS IN THAT HOUSE INTELLIGENCE
WAS IN THAT HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HEARING TODAY, PETER
COMMITTEE HEARING TODAY, PETER BAKER, CHIEF WHITE HOUSE
BAKER, CHIEF WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT FOR "THE NEW YORK
CORRESPONDENT FOR "THE NEW YORK TIMES,".
TIMES,". THANK YOU ALL FOR DIFFERENT
THANK YOU ALL FOR DIFFERENT PERSPECTIVES.
PERSPECTIVES. CONGRESSWOMAN, ARE YOU WITH THE
CONGRESSWOMAN, ARE YOU WITH THE PUBLIC ON THIS THAT BELIEVES
PUBLIC ON THIS THAT BELIEVES MORE OF COHEN THAN THEY DO OF
MORE OF COHEN THAN THEY DO OF TRUMP IN
TRUMP IN >> WITHOUT A DOUBT.
>> WITHOUT A DOUBT. WITHOUT A DOUBT.
WITHOUT A DOUBT. >> WHAT ABOUT TODAY, WE’RE
>> WHAT ABOUT TODAY, WE’RE GETTING A REPORT TODAY THAT HE
GETTING A REPORT TODAY THAT HE DOUBLED DOWN SAYING THE
DOUBLED DOWN SAYING THE PRESIDENT’S LAWYERS CUT OUT,
PRESIDENT’S LAWYERS CUT OUT, PERHAPS IN THIS CASE, PUT HIM
PERHAPS IN THIS CASE, PUT HIM THERE TO DO THAT AND HELPED HIM
THERE TO DO THAT AND HELPED HIM LIE TO CONGRESS.
LIE TO CONGRESS. YOUR THOUGHTS?
YOUR THOUGHTS? >> I WOULD SAY THE DOCUMENTATION
>> I WOULD SAY THE DOCUMENTATION THAT HE PROVIDED US TODAY WILL
THAT HE PROVIDED US TODAY WILL HELP US COME TO THE CONCLUSIONS
HELP US COME TO THE CONCLUSIONS THAT WE WILL NEED TO MAKE ABOUT
THAT WE WILL NEED TO MAKE ABOUT WHETHER OR NOT THERE WAS AN
WHETHER OR NOT THERE WAS AN EFFORT TO MANIPULATE THE INFORMA
EFFORT TO MANIPULATE THE INFORMA SO I THINK IT’S IMPORTANT TO
SO I THINK IT’S IMPORTANT TO POINT OUT IT WAS MICHAEL COHEN
POINT OUT IT WAS MICHAEL COHEN WHO SAID BOTH THAT THE OVERSIGHT
WHO SAID BOTH THAT THE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE HEARING AND TO THIS
COMMITTEE HEARING AND TO THIS COMMITTEE THAT HE WOULD MAKE
COMMITTEE THAT HE WOULD MAKE AVAILABLE THE DOCUMENTS TO
AVAILABLE THE DOCUMENTS TO SUPPORT HIS POSITIONS.
SUPPORT HIS POSITIONS. >> WHAT THIS TELLS THE AMERICAN
>> WHAT THIS TELLS THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ARE TWO THINGS TODAY YOU
PEOPLE ARE TWO THINGS TODAY YOU MAY HAVE BEEN ABLE TO GET
MAY HAVE BEEN ABLE TO GET CONFIRMED, PROBABLY DID TODAY IN
CONFIRMED, PROBABLY DID TODAY IN THE BACKDOOR HEARINGS, NUMBER
THE BACKDOOR HEARINGS, NUMBER ONE IS THE PRESIDENT WHILE HE
ONE IS THE PRESIDENT WHILE HE WAS RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT, WAS
WAS RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT, WAS BASICALLY ALL THE TIME PLAYING
BASICALLY ALL THE TIME PLAYING BIG-SHOT BUSINESSMAN WITH
BIG-SHOT BUSINESSMAN WITH MOSCOW, TRYING TO BUILD AN
MOSCOW, TRYING TO BUILD AN EMPIRE BUILDING OVER THERE, A
EMPIRE BUILDING OVER THERE, A BILL LAND MARK BUILDING IN
BILL LAND MARK BUILDING IN MOSCOW ACROSS THE RED SQUARE AT
MOSCOW ACROSS THE RED SQUARE AT THE SAME TIME HE’S TELLING THE
THE SAME TIME HE’S TELLING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE HE WILL BE THEIR
AMERICAN PEOPLE HE WILL BE THEIR TRUE REPRESENTATIVE DEALING WITH
TRUE REPRESENTATIVE DEALING WITH A DIFFICULT COUNTRY, RUSSIA.
A DIFFICULT COUNTRY, RUSSIA. WE’RE ALSO FINDING OUT WHILE
WE’RE ALSO FINDING OUT WHILE HE’S PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
HE’S PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES, MEETING ON THE PHONE
STATES, MEETING ON THE PHONE WITH PUTIN AND OTHERS, BEING
WITH PUTIN AND OTHERS, BEING PRESIDENT, HE’S ALSO SIGNING
PRESIDENT, HE’S ALSO SIGNING CHECKS ON A REGULAR BASIS TO PAY
CHECKS ON A REGULAR BASIS TO PAY OFF FOR STORMY DANIELS.
OFF FOR STORMY DANIELS. ALL OF THIS IS GOING ON, THIS
ALL OF THIS IS GOING ON, THIS MULTITASKING, WHAT DOES IT TELL
MULTITASKING, WHAT DOES IT TELL YOU?
YOU? >> WELL, IT TELLS ME THIS IS
>> WELL, IT TELLS ME THIS IS NOTHING NEW FOR DONALD TRUMP.
NOTHING NEW FOR DONALD TRUMP. IT STARTS VERY YOUNG IN HIS LIFE
IT STARTS VERY YOUNG IN HIS LIFE IN WHICH HE WAS ALWAYS TRYING TO
IN WHICH HE WAS ALWAYS TRYING TO BEAT THE SYSTEM.
BEAT THE SYSTEM. I THINK WHAT WE’RE GOING TO FIND
I THINK WHAT WE’RE GOING TO FIND OUT OVER THE NEXT FEW MONTHS IS
OUT OVER THE NEXT FEW MONTHS IS THAT HE’S PLAYED EVERY CARD TO
THAT HE’S PLAYED EVERY CARD TO EITHER SUBORN PERJURY AND CREATE
EITHER SUBORN PERJURY AND CREATE A CONSPIRACY TO DO SO.
A CONSPIRACY TO DO SO. I THINK WHATS GOING TO HAUPT SON
I THINK WHATS GOING TO HAUPT SON MANY PEOPLE THAT ARE ASSOCIATED
MANY PEOPLE THAT ARE ASSOCIATED WITH DONALD TRUMP IS WHAT
WITH DONALD TRUMP IS WHAT MICHAEL COHEN SAID IN THE
MICHAEL COHEN SAID IN THE OPENING TESTIMONY, THAT IF YOU
OPENING TESTIMONY, THAT IF YOU DON’T WATCH OUT, YOU’RE GOING TO
DON’T WATCH OUT, YOU’RE GOING TO BE IN THE SAME POSITION THAT I
BE IN THE SAME POSITION THAT I AM, GOING TO PRISON.
AM, GOING TO PRISON. >> DO WE HAVE A BASICALLY
>> DO WE HAVE A BASICALLY DISHONEST MAN IN THE WHITE
DISHONEST MAN IN THE WHITE HOUSE?
HOUSE? >> WITHOUT A DOUBT.
>> WITHOUT A DOUBT. >> LET ME GO TO DONNY DEUTSCHE
>> LET ME GO TO DONNY DEUTSCHE ON THIS THING ABOUT THE WAY IN
ON THIS THING ABOUT THE WAY IN WHICH THE PRESIDENT’S LAWYERS,
WHICH THE PRESIDENT’S LAWYERS, THERE WERE CUTOUTS, TWO PEOPLE
THERE WERE CUTOUTS, TWO PEOPLE WHO HAD DISTANCE FROM THE
WHO HAD DISTANCE FROM THE PRESIDENT FOR PURPOSES OF THIS
PRESIDENT FOR PURPOSES OF THIS EDITING MICHAEL COHEN’S
EDITING MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY TO CONGRESS WITH
TESTIMONY TO CONGRESS WITH REGARD TO THE TIMING,
REGARD TO THE TIMING, ESPECIALLY, FOR THIS WORK FOR
ESPECIALLY, FOR THIS WORK FOR THE TRUMP TOWER IN MOSCOW.
THE TRUMP TOWER IN MOSCOW. WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF HIS BACKING
WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF HIS BACKING THAT UP AGAIN TODAY WITH
THAT UP AGAIN TODAY WITH DOCUMENTS?
DOCUMENTS? >> FIRST OF ALL, I WANT TO
>> FIRST OF ALL, I WANT TO ANSWER YOUR QUESTION TO THE
ANSWER YOUR QUESTION TO THE CONGRESSWOMAN, YOU HAVE A
CONGRESSWOMAN, YOU HAVE A SPECTACULARLY CRIMINAL MAN IN
SPECTACULARLY CRIMINAL MAN IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
THE WHITE HOUSE. ANYBODY WHO’S BEEN IN NEW YORK
ANYBODY WHO’S BEEN IN NEW YORK CITY 20 YEARS -- WORKED IN NEW
CITY 20 YEARS -- WORKED IN NEW YORK CITY LIKE I HAVE, KNOWN
YORK CITY LIKE I HAVE, KNOWN DONALD TRUMP FOR 20 YEARS, HE’S
DONALD TRUMP FOR 20 YEARS, HE’S AS DISHONEST AND SLIMIEST AS
AS DISHONEST AND SLIMIEST AS THEY COME AND THIS IS JUST THE
THEY COME AND THIS IS JUST THE BEGINNING.
BEGINNING. AS FAR AS MICHAEL, WHEN PEOPLE
AS FAR AS MICHAEL, WHEN PEOPLE DOUBT MICHAEL, ANYTHING HE SAID,
DOUBT MICHAEL, ANYTHING HE SAID, YOU HAVE TO GO INTO HIS MINDSET
YOU HAVE TO GO INTO HIS MINDSET GOING INTO THIS.
GOING INTO THIS. MICHAEL HAD EVERYTHING TO LOSE
MICHAEL HAD EVERYTHING TO LOSE AND NOTHING TO GAIN.
AND NOTHING TO GAIN. IF HE TELLS THE TRUTH, HE GETS A
IF HE TELLS THE TRUTH, HE GETS A GOLD STAR BUT HE’S STILL GOING
GOLD STAR BUT HE’S STILL GOING TO PRISON FOR 30 MONTHS.
TO PRISON FOR 30 MONTHS. IF HE LIES -- WE KEEP IN MIND
IF HE LIES -- WE KEEP IN MIND THERE’S 70 HOURS WITH MUELLER,
THERE’S 70 HOURS WITH MUELLER, DOZENS AND DOZENS OF HOURS WITH
DOZENS AND DOZENS OF HOURS WITH THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT, HOURS
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT, HOURS WITH CONGRESS AND THE SENATE,
WITH CONGRESS AND THE SENATE, THE LAST THING HE’S GOING TO
THE LAST THING HE’S GOING TO COME IN AND LIE AGAIN, BECAUSE
COME IN AND LIE AGAIN, BECAUSE HE WILL GET MORE PRISON TIME.
HE WILL GET MORE PRISON TIME. WHEN HE SAYS SOMETHING IN FRONT
WHEN HE SAYS SOMETHING IN FRONT OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE,
OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE, SOMETHING AS POTENT AS BASICALLY
SOMETHING AS POTENT AS BASICALLY THEY EDITED MY STATEMENT, HERE
THEY EDITED MY STATEMENT, HERE IS MY STATEMENT, HE’S NOT LYING.
IS MY STATEMENT, HE’S NOT LYING. HE
HE USE COMMON SENSE.
USE COMMON SENSE. THAT MAD IS TELLING THE TRUTH.
THAT MAD IS TELLING THE TRUTH. >> BASICALLY THE PRESIDENT IS
>> BASICALLY THE PRESIDENT IS SUBVERTING PERJURY HERE?
SUBVERTING PERJURY HERE? >> THAT WILL BE THE SMALLEST OF
>> THAT WILL BE THE SMALLEST OF HIS CRIMES, CHRIS.
HIS CRIMES, CHRIS. I HAVE SAID THIS FOR A LONG
I HAVE SAID THIS FOR A LONG TIME.
TIME. IT’S NOT ABOUT MUELLER, IT’S THE
IT’S NOT ABOUT MUELLER, IT’S THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION, AN
TRUMP ORGANIZATION, AN ENTERPRISE THAT WILL BE RICO,
ENTERPRISE THAT WILL BE RICO, THE RACKETEER INFLUENCING
THE RACKETEER INFLUENCING CORRUPTION ACT, ABOUT
CORRUPTION ACT, ABOUT ORGANIZATIONS LIKE THIS THAT ARE
ORGANIZATIONS LIKE THIS THAT ARE CRIME ORGANIZATIONS, ANY WAY A
CRIME ORGANIZATIONS, ANY WAY A PERSON CAN LIE AND CHEAT AND
PERSON CAN LIE AND CHEAT AND STEAL FOR HIS ENTIRE LIFE,
STEAL FOR HIS ENTIRE LIFE, DONALD TRUMP HAS.
DONALD TRUMP HAS. THIS IS JUST GOING TO BE A
THIS IS JUST GOING TO BE A PIMPLE.
PIMPLE. >> ALLTHE RICO STATUTE WAS USED
>> ALLTHE RICO STATUTE WAS USED AGAINST ORGANIZED CRIME.
AGAINST ORGANIZED CRIME. IT WAS WRITTEN BY THE CONGRESS
IT WAS WRITTEN BY THE CONGRESS SO THEY COULD CATCH GUYS LIKE
SO THEY COULD CATCH GUYS LIKE CAPONE, MODERN CHARACTER IN THE
CAPONE, MODERN CHARACTER IN THE SIPPED KIT, WHO BASICALLY SENDS
SIPPED KIT, WHO BASICALLY SENDS SIGNALS THROUGH INDIRECTION, WHO
SIGNALS THROUGH INDIRECTION, WHO TALKS LIKE TRUMP DOES, HE SAYS
TALKS LIKE TRUMP DOES, HE SAYS HERE’S WHAT ISN’T THE TRUTH, AS
HERE’S WHAT ISN’T THE TRUTH, AS I HEAR IT.
I HEAR IT. SO YOU GIVE IT THE WAY I’M JUST
SO YOU GIVE IT THE WAY I’M JUST GIVING IT TO YOU.
GIVING IT TO YOU. IT ISN’T LIKE DO THIS, IT’S THIS
IT ISN’T LIKE DO THIS, IT’S THIS IS THE WORD WE’VE GOT TO PUT
IS THE WORD WE’VE GOT TO PUT OUT.
OUT. SO IT’S ALL BY INDIRECTION.
SO IT’S ALL BY INDIRECTION. ALL OF THIS CRIME GETS DONE BY A
ALL OF THIS CRIME GETS DONE BY A LOT OF DIFFERENT PEOPLE WITHOUT
LOT OF DIFFERENT PEOPLE WITHOUT THE PERSON’S FINGERPRINTS BEING
THE PERSON’S FINGERPRINTS BEING ON THEM.
ON THEM. HE DOESN’T HAVE HIS FINGERPRINTS
HE DOESN’T HAVE HIS FINGERPRINTS ON THE GUN.
ON THE GUN. THAT’S WHAT RICO IS ABOUT, AND
THAT’S WHAT RICO IS ABOUT, AND YOU SAY IT APPLIES HERE?
YOU SAY IT APPLIES HERE? >> BASICALLY, RUDY GIULIANI
>> BASICALLY, RUDY GIULIANI IRONICALLY WAS ONE OF THE FIRST
IRONICALLY WAS ONE OF THE FIRST TO USE IT.
TO USE IT. IT’S SET UP WHEN YOU HAVE
IT’S SET UP WHEN YOU HAVE MULTIPLE, MULTIPLE CRIMES, IN
MULTIPLE, MULTIPLE CRIMES, IN THE CASE OF TRUMP I BELIEVE BANK
THE CASE OF TRUMP I BELIEVE BANK FRAUD, MONEY LAUNDERING,
FRAUD, MONEY LAUNDERING, CAMPAIGN FINANCE, THE TRUMP
CAMPAIGN FINANCE, THE TRUMP UNIVERSITY, THE FOUNDATION, THE
UNIVERSITY, THE FOUNDATION, THE INAUGURATION, TONS AND TONS AND
INAUGURATION, TONS AND TONS AND TONS AND BASIC BUSINESSES
TONS AND BASIC BUSINESSES PRACTICE OF THEM ALL.
PRACTICE OF THEM ALL. YOU PUT THEM ALL TOGETHER AND AS
YOU PUT THEM ALL TOGETHER AND AS YOU SAID THE CENTER GUY, THE MOB
YOU SAID THE CENTER GUY, THE MOB BOSS, IS ISOLATED.
BOSS, IS ISOLATED. THIS TAKES THAT OFF THE TABLE
THIS TAKES THAT OFF THE TABLE AND HE’S RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL OF
AND HE’S RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL OF THE CRIMES.
THE CRIMES. THE OTHER PIECE TO YOU CAN ALSO
THE OTHER PIECE TO YOU CAN ALSO TAKE BACK ASSETS.
TAKE BACK ASSETS. THEY CAN TAKE HIS BUILDINGS
THEY CAN TAKE HIS BUILDINGS AWAY.
AWAY. I THINK IT WILL ALWAYS END IN
I THINK IT WILL ALWAYS END IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT.
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT. THEY DON’T JUST WANT TO TAKE
THEY DON’T JUST WANT TO TAKE THIS GUY OUT, THEY WANT TO TAKE
THIS GUY OUT, THEY WANT TO TAKE HIM DOWN.
HIM DOWN. HE TRIED TO UNDUE WHAT HIS
HE TRIED TO UNDUE WHAT HIS FOREFATHERS DID AND STARTS TO
FOREFATHERS DID AND STARTS TO SEND A SIGNAL ABOUT WHO WE ARE
SEND A SIGNAL ABOUT WHO WE ARE AS A COUNTRY.
AS A COUNTRY. >> TOUGH STUFF.
>> TOUGH STUFF. PETER BAKER, THE EXPERT OF "THE
PETER BAKER, THE EXPERT OF "THE NEW YORK TIMES" REPORTS YOUR
NEW YORK TIMES" REPORTS YOUR ARTICLE TODAY THAT THE
ARTICLE TODAY THAT THE PRESIDENT’S REIMBURSEMENT
PRESIDENT’S REIMBURSEMENT PAYMENTS TO MICHAEL COHEN ARE
PAYMENTS TO MICHAEL COHEN ARE DATED THE SAME DAYS HE WAS
DATED THE SAME DAYS HE WAS ATTENDING TO PUBLIC PRESIDENTIAL
ATTENDING TO PUBLIC PRESIDENTIAL BUSINESS.
BUSINESS. AND ONE OF THE CHECKS TRUMP
AND ONE OF THE CHECKS TRUMP SIGNED WAS DATED MAY 23, 2017,
SIGNED WAS DATED MAY 23, 2017, THE SAME DAY HE WAS OVERSEAED
THE SAME DAY HE WAS OVERSEAED WITH ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER
WITH ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER BENJAMIN NETANYAHU IN ISRAEL.
BENJAMIN NETANYAHU IN ISRAEL. THERE HE IS.
THERE HE IS. THAT DAY HE WAS SIGNING CHECKS
THAT DAY HE WAS SIGNING CHECKS TO COVER UP FOR STORMY.
TO COVER UP FOR STORMY. ANOTHER CHECK FOR STORMY IS
ANOTHER CHECK FOR STORMY IS DATED SEPTEMBER 12th OF THAT
DATED SEPTEMBER 12th OF THAT YEAR, THE DAY TRUMP WAS HOSTING
YEAR, THE DAY TRUMP WAS HOSTING THE PRIME MINISTER OF MALAYSIA
THE PRIME MINISTER OF MALAYSIA AT THE WHITE HOUSE.
AT THE WHITE HOUSE. ANOTHER IS DATED THE SAME DAY
ANOTHER IS DATED THE SAME DAY THAT THE PRESIDENT HELD A
THAT THE PRESIDENT HELD A CEREMONY OF TURKEY, REMEMBER
CEREMONY OF TURKEY, REMEMBER THAT THANKSGIVING THING THEY DO,
THAT THANKSGIVING THING THEY DO, AND SPOKE BY PHONE TO VLADIMIR
AND SPOKE BY PHONE TO VLADIMIR PUTIN.
PUTIN. FURTHERMORE, ONE OF THE
FURTHERMORE, ONE OF THE REIMBURSEMENT CHECKS ISSUED BY
REIMBURSEMENT CHECKS ISSUED BY TRUMP WAS ISSUED FEBRUARY 14,
TRUMP WAS ISSUED FEBRUARY 14, THE SAME DAY TRUMP ASKED JAMES
THE SAME DAY TRUMP ASKED JAMES COMEY TO DROP HIS INVESTIGATION
COMEY TO DROP HIS INVESTIGATION OF MICHAEL FLYNN.
OF MICHAEL FLYNN. THIS INTERTWINING OF BEHAVIOR,
THIS INTERTWINING OF BEHAVIOR, POTENTIALLY CRIMINAL, IN THE
POTENTIALLY CRIMINAL, IN THE SMALL STUFF AFFAIRS, SEXUAL
SMALL STUFF AFFAIRS, SEXUAL ESCAPADES, WHATEVER YOU WANT TO
ESCAPADES, WHATEVER YOU WANT TO CALL THEM AND AT THE SAME TIME
CALL THEM AND AT THE SAME TIME HE’S DEALING WITH THE BIG STUFF
HE’S DEALING WITH THE BIG STUFF WE’RE WONDERING ABOUT, WHAT THE
WE’RE WONDERING ABOUT, WHAT THE HELL IS HE DOING WITH PUTIN AND
HELL IS HE DOING WITH PUTIN AND WHY, AND HOW DOES THIS RELATE TO
WHY, AND HOW DOES THIS RELATE TO TRUMP TOWER?
TRUMP TOWER? IT’S ALL CONNECTED AND YOU SHOW
IT’S ALL CONNECTED AND YOU SHOW IT’S CONNECTED IN TIME AS WELL.
IT’S CONNECTED IN TIME AS WELL. >> IT’S VERY INTERESTING, YOU
>> IT’S VERY INTERESTING, YOU SEE THESE PARALLEL LIVES HE’S
SEE THESE PARALLEL LIVES HE’S LEADING WHILE SITTING PRESIDENT
LEADING WHILE SITTING PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES IS NOT JUST
OF THE UNITED STATES IS NOT JUST THAT THERE WAS MONEY PAID TO
THAT THERE WAS MONEY PAID TO STORMY DANIELS DURING THE
STORMY DANIELS DURING THE CAMPAIGN, IT’S HE WAS STILL
CAMPAIGN, IT’S HE WAS STILL PAYING IT OFF FOR THE FIRST YEAR
PAYING IT OFF FOR THE FIRST YEAR OF HIS PRESIDENCY.
OF HIS PRESIDENCY. ONCE A MONTH HE WOULD SIGN A
ONCE A MONTH HE WOULD SIGN A CHECK FOR $30,000 TO MICHAEL
CHECK FOR $30,000 TO MICHAEL COHEN TO REIMBURSE HIM FOR THIS
COHEN TO REIMBURSE HIM FOR THIS MONEY.
MONEY. AND IT DID SEEM TO COINCIDE WITH
AND IT DID SEEM TO COINCIDE WITH JUST EVENTS ON HIS CALENDAR THAT
JUST EVENTS ON HIS CALENDAR THAT SHOW YOU THE DICHOTOMY BETWEEN A
SHOW YOU THE DICHOTOMY BETWEEN A PRESIDENT ACTING AS HEAD OF
PRESIDENT ACTING AS HEAD OF STATE AND A BUSINESSMAN WHO IS
STATE AND A BUSINESSMAN WHO IS SIGNING CHECKS TO A LAWYER
SIGNING CHECKS TO A LAWYER BECAUSE HE’S TRYING TO FIX SOME
BECAUSE HE’S TRYING TO FIX SOME EVENT THAT HAPPENED BEFORE AND
EVENT THAT HAPPENED BEFORE AND DIDN’T WANT IT TO COME OUT
DIDN’T WANT IT TO COME OUT BEFORE THE ELECTION.
BEFORE THE ELECTION. AND THESE TWO PARA-LEMLLEL STORY
AND THESE TWO PARA-LEMLLEL STORY LINES TAKE YOU THROUGH THIS